.TH CLIP_DOWNLOAD_CONF 5 "JUNE 2007" Linux "Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
clip_download.conf \- The main and mandatory parameters file of 
.B clip_download 
(8)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B clip_download.conf
is named after the jail concerned : 

.B - /etc/clip_download_clip.conf
for the
.I clip
jail.

.B - /etc/clip_download_rm_h.conf
for the
.I rm_h
jail.

.B - /etc/clip_download_rm_b.conf
for the
.I rm_b
jail.

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page describes the format of the
.B clip_download.conf
file. This file is a simple text file that gives the parameters used by the
.B clip_download
(8) tool. For each parameter a single line should be present with the following information:
.RS
.PP
parameter=value
.RE
.PP
where 
.I parameter
is the name of the parameter
and
.I value
is the value of the parameter.
.SH MANDATORY PARAMETERS
.PP
\- 
.B max_number_of_tries
: gives the maximum number of tries during signature check. 
.PP
\- 
.B reject_too_old_configuration
: if set to
.I yes,
the tool will reject a too old configuration. 
.PP
\- 
.B reject_too_young_configuration
: if set to
.I yes,
the tool will reject a too young configuration. 
.PP
\- 
.B reject_older_configuration
: if set to
.I yes,
the tool will reject a new configuration older than the currently installed configuration. 
.PP
\-
.B maximum_age
: gives the maximum age in
.I days
of a package. Packages older than
.B maximum_age
are removed from the
.B clip_download
cache and from the local mirror.
.PP
The ages parameters of each configuration are given by the 
.B /etc/clip_download_ages.conf
file.
.SH AUTHORS
EADS Defence And Security Systems
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR clip_download (8),
.BR clip_download_ages.conf(5)
