.TH CLIP_DOWNLOAD_AGES_CONF 5 "JUNE 2007" Linux "Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
clip_download_ages.conf \- The optional parameters file of 
.B clip_download
(8) giving the age limit of each configuration 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B clip_download_ages.conf
is named after the jail concerned : 

.B - /etc/clip_download_ages_clip.conf
for the
.I clip
jail.

.B - /etc/clip_download_ages_rm_h.conf
for the
.I rm_h
jail.

.B - /etc/clip_download_ages_rm_b.conf
for the
.I rm_b
jail.

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page describes the format of the
.B clip_download_ages.conf
file. This file is a simple text file that gives the optional parameters used by the
.B clip_download
(8) tool to check the age of each configuration composing the corresponding jail. Although the parameters are optional, the file is not and must be present. 
For each parameter a single line should be present with the following information:
.RS
.PP
parameter=value
.RE
.PP
where 
.I parameter
is the name of the parameter
and
.I value
is the value of the parameter.
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
\-
.B confname_minimum_age
: gives the minimum age in
.I days
of configuration
.I confname.
.I confname
is the name of the configuration as described in the
.I Package
fied of the 
.B .deb
file representing the configuration. If the configuration age is lower than
.B confname_minimum_age,
then the configuration is considered too young.
.PP
\-
.B confname_maximum_age
: gives the maximum age in
.I days
of configuration
.I confname.
.I confname
is the name of the configuration as described in the
.I Package
fied of the 
.B .deb
file representing the configuration. If the configuration age is greater than
.B confname_maximum_age,
then the configuration is considered too old.

.SH AUTHORS
EADS Defence And Security Systems
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR clip_download (8),
.BR clip_download_ages.conf (5)
