.TH CLIP_DOWNLOAD 8 "JUNE 2007" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
clip_download \- Clip packages downloader.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B clip_download
[\-h] |\-v] -j
.I jail
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B clip_download
performs clip packages download for a given CLIP jail (clip, rm_h or rm_b).

.B clip_download
is a script intended to be run non-interactively.

This script updates its own 
.B apt
cache using a debian mirror through https or on a cdrom. 

It checks the signature of each package retrieved using
.BR verify-sign-full (1).
If the signature is wrong, it downloads and checks the package again. The maximum number of retries is given in the configuration file
.BR clip_download.conf (5).
If all tries are unsuccessfull, the package is removed from the cache.

The script then checks the age of each package of type "configuration". Three possibilities are treated :
.PP
- the new configuration is too old : a parameter given in
.BR clip_download_ages.conf (5) 
specifies the lower time bound.

- the new configuration is older than the old one (installed on the system).

- the new configuration is too new : a parameter given in
.BR clip_download_ages.conf (5) 
gives the upper time bound.
.PP
In each case the tool can reject the configuration or not, depending of what
.BR clip_download.conf (5) 
specifies.

The remaining configuration and packages are gathered to build the local mirrors using
.BR apt-ftparchive.

Finally the script removes from its cache the packages too old (the age limit is also given in
.BR clip_download.conf (5)).

The
.B apt
cache directory and the lock files managed by this tool MUST NOT be cleaned or removed manually. 
.PP
The
.B apt.conf
(5) configuration file used must be located in 
.B /etc/clip_update/clip_download/
and must be named after the jail to install :

.B - /etc/clip_update/clip_download/apt.conf.clip
for the
.I clip
jail.

.B - /etc/clip_update/clip_download/apt.conf.rm_h
for the
.I rm_h
jail.

.B - /etc/clip_update/clip_download/apt.conf.rm_b
for the
.I rm_b
jail.

The logs are stored using 
.BR logger (1).
.SH MANDATORY PARAMETERS
.IP \-j jail
Specify the jail to treat. Should be either 
.I clip
or 
.I rm_h
or
.I rm_b.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP \-h
Print help and exit
.IP \-v
Print version of the utility and exit
.SH RESOURCES
.PP Depends on 
.BR sh (1)
,
.BR awk (1)
,
.BR sed (1)
,
.BR find (1)
,
.BR logger (1)
,
.BR apt-cache (8)
, 
.BR apt-get (8)
,
.BR apt-ftparchive (8)
,
.BR verify-sign-full (1)
and
.BR clip_download.conf (5)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The script returns 2 if an error occured, 8 if a lock file is present, 0 otherwise.
If the execution fails during packages installation, the utility will try to return to old state next time it will run.
.SH AUTHORS
EADS Defence And Security Systems
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR verify-sign-full (1), clip_download.conf (5), clip_download_ages.conf (5)
